Problem D
Money for Nothing
Time limit: 5 seconds

In this problem you will be solving one of the most profound challenges of humans across the world since
the beginning of time – how to make lots of money.

You are a middleman in the widget market. Your job is to buy widgets from widget producer companies
and sell them to widget consumer companies. Each widget consumer company has an open request for one
widget per day, until some end date, and a price at which it is willing to buy the widgets. On the other hand,
each widget producer company has a start date at which it can start delivering widgets and a price at which
it will deliver each widget.

Due to fair competition laws, you can sign a contract with only one producer company and only one consumer
company. You will buy widgets from the producer company, one per day, starting on the day it can start
delivering, and ending on the date specified by the consumer company. On each of those days you earn
the difference between the producer’s selling price and the consumer’s buying price.

Your goal is to choose the consumer company and the producer company that will maximize your profits.

Input

The first line of input contains two integers m and n (1 ≤ m, n ≤ 500,000) denoting the number of producer
and consumer companies in the market, respectively. It is followed by m lines, the iᵗʰ of which contains
two integers pi and di (1 ≤ pi, di ≤ 10⁹), the price (in dollars) at which the iᵗʰ producer sells one widget
and the day on which the first widget will be available from this company. Then follow n lines, the jᵗʰ of
which contains two integers qj and ej (1 ≤ qj, ej ≤ 10⁹), the price (in dollars) at which the jᵗʰ consumer is
willing to buy widgets and the day immediately after the day on which the last widget has to be delivered to
this company.

Output

Display the maximum total number of dollars you can earn. If there is no way to sign contracts that gives
you any profit, display 0.

Sample Input 1 
2 2
1 3
2 1
3 5
7 2
Sample Output 1
5

Sample Input 2 
1 2
10 10
9 11
11 9
Sample Output 2
0
